feat(curriculum): workshop debugging registration form updates (#66731)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-debugging-registration-form/69cc1a8ddaa61c4ebd2b6d4e.md

);
```

The `user` object should include an `"age"` property with the value of the `age` variable.

```js
assert.match(
  code,
  /const\s+user\s*=\s*\{[\s\S]*?age\s*:\s*age/
);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
const nameInput = document.getElementById("name-input");
const ageInput = document.getElementById("age-input");
const btn = document.getElementById("submit-btn");
const result = document.getElementById("result");

console.clear();

console.dir(nameInput);
console.dir(ageInput);

btn.addEventListener("click", registerUser);

function registerUser() {
  console.log("Button clicked");
  
  const name = nameInput.value;
  const age = ageInput.value;

  console.log("Name:", name);
  console.log("Age:", age);

  try {
    if (name.trim() === "") {
      throw new Error("Name is required");
    }
    if (age.trim() === "") {
      throw new Error("Age is required");
    }
    if (!Number.isInteger(Number(age))) {
      throw new Error("Invalid value for age");
    }
    result.textContent = "Registration successful";
  } catch (error) {
    console.error(error.message);
    result.textContent = error.message;
  }

--fcc-editable-region--

> --fcc-editable-region--

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--fcc-editable-region--
  
--fcc-editable-region--
```

---
id: 69cc1a8ddaa61c4ebd2b6d4e
title: Step 13
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-13
---

# --description--

Now that all the input data has been validated, you can store it for further use.

> In JavaScript, objects are used to group related data together. In this case, the user's name and age both belong to the same user, so it makes sense to store them in a single object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user's name and age both belong to the same user, so it makes sense to group them together in a single object.
```

> Inside the `try` block, declare a `const` object called `user` with `name` and `age` as its properties. This way, `user` would only be created upon successful input validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `try` block, declare a `const` object called `user` with `name` and `age` as its properties. This way, `user` is only created upon successful input validation.
```

---
id: 69cc1a8ddaa61c4ebd2b6d4e
title: Step 13
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-13
---

# --description--

Now that all the input data has been validated, you can store it for further use.

In JavaScript, objects are used to group related data together. In this case, the user's name and age both belong to the same user, so it makes sense to store them in a single object.

> Inside the `try` block, declare a `const` object called `user` with `name` and `age` as its properties. This way, `user` would only be created upon successful input validation.

Reviewer 2: "would" reads as conditional, but the code does this every time validation passes.

```suggestion
Inside the `try` block, declare a `const` object called `user` with `name` and `age` as its properties. This way, `user` will only be created upon successful input validation.
```

# --hints--

You should declare `user` as a `const` set to an object, inside the `try` block.

```js
assert.match(
  code,
  /try\s*\{(?:(?!catch)[\s\S])*?const\s+user\s*=\s*\{[\s\S]*?\}/
);
```

> The `user` object should include a `"name"` property with the value of the `name` variable.

Reviewer 2: Hint text should open with "You" or "Your".

```suggestion
Your `user` object should include a `"name"` property with the value of the `name` variable.
```

```js

> const objectMatch = code.match(/const\s+user\s*=\s*(\{[^}]*\})/);

Reviewer 2: `[^}]*` stops at the first `}`, so any nested brace makes the captured text unbalanced and it reaches `Explorer` as invalid syntax. The camper then gets a parse error instead of a failed hint. Allowing one level of nesting is enough:

```suggestion
const objectMatch = code.match(
  /const\s+user\s*=\s*(\{(?:[^{}]|\{[^{}]*\})*\})/
);
```

assert.exists(objectMatch);
const explorer = await __helpers.Explorer(`const user = ${objectMatch[1]}`);
const { name } = explorer.variables.user.value.objectProps;
assert.isTrue(name?.value.matches("name"));
```

> The `user` object should include an `"age"` property with the value of the `age` variable.

Reviewer 2: Same here.

```suggestion
Your `user` object should include an `"age"` property with the value of the `age` variable.
```

```js

> const objectMatch = code.match(/const\s+user\s*=\s*(\{[^}]*\})/);

Reviewer 2: Same here.

```suggestion
const objectMatch = code.match(
  /const\s+user\s*=\s*(\{(?:[^{}]|\{[^{}]*\})*\})/
);
```

Inside the `try` block, declare a `const` object called `user` with `name` and `age` as its properties. This way, `user` will only be created upon successful input validation.

# --hints--

You should declare `user` as a `const` set to an object, inside the `try` block.

```js
assert.match(
  code,
  /try\s*\{(?:(?!catch)[\s\S])*?const\s+user\s*=\s*\{[\s\S]*?\}/
);
```

Your `user` object should include a `"name"` property with the value of the `name` variable.

```js
const objectMatch = code.match(
  /const\s+user\s*=\s*(\{(?:[^{}]|\{[^{}]*\})*\})/
);
assert.exists(objectMatch);
const explorer = await __helpers.Explorer(`const user = ${objectMatch[1]}`);
const { name } = explorer.variables.user.value.objectProps;
assert.isTrue(name?.value.matches("name"));
```

Your `user` object should include an `"age"` property with the value of the `age` variable.

```js
const objectMatch = code.match(
  /const\s+user\s*=\s*(\{(?:[^{}]|\{[^{}]*\})*\})/
);
assert.exists(objectMatch);
const explorer = await __helpers.Explorer(`const user = ${objectMatch[1]}`);
const { age } = explorer.variables.user.value.objectProps;
assert.isTrue(age?.value.matches("age"));

> ```

Reviewer 2: These two hints only accept `{ name: name, age: age }`. I ran the current assertions against the vendored Explorer 9.0.1:

| Camper writes | `objectProps` keys | `name?.value.matches("name")` |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `{ name: name, age: age }` | `['name','age']` | `true` |
| `{ name, age }` | `[]` | `undefined`, assert fails |
| `{ "name": name, "age": age }` | `[]` | `undefined`, assert fails |

`objectProps` only exposes plain `identifier: value` pairs, so both shorthand and quoted keys are rejected. Both are correct answers and both are reachable, since the camper writes these lines themselves inside the `try` block. The hint text also asks for a `"name"` property with the quotes, which is exactly the spelling the assertion refuses.

The replacement below accepts shorthand, quoted keys (either quote character), and any property order, while still failing on a hard-coded value (`name: "Alice"`), a renamed key (`username: name`), and a missing property. I checked each of those cases.

`````suggestion
Your `user` object should include a `name` property with the value of the `name` variable.

```js
const objectMatch = code.match(
  /const\s+user\s*=\s*(\{(?:[^{}]|\{[^{}]*\})*\})/
);
assert.exists(objectMatch);
const properties = __helpers.removeWhiteSpace(objectMatch[1]);
assert.match(properties, /[{,](["']?)name\1(:name)?[,}]/);
```

Your `user` object should include an `age` property with the value of the `age` variable.

```js
const objectMatch = code.match(
  /const\s+user\s*=\s*(\{(?:[^{}]|\{[^{}]*\})*\})/
);
assert.exists(objectMatch);
const properties = __helpers.removeWhiteSpace(objectMatch[1]);
assert.match(properties, /[{,](["']?)age\1(:age)?[,}]/);
```
`````
